Currently, all components have been machined, except for two sets of holes I need to add to parts I have already machined (one on the base plate, one on the bottom flexure). 









There are 4 main components of the setup: the optics, the rail, the actuator, and the wire mount.



The optics are mounted to the baseplate. After testing the original multimode fibers with the laser, we found that the profile was no longer Gaussian and therefore unsuitable for shadow sensing (which relies on a monotonically non-increasing profile of the beam). To that end, the input beam side is single mode fiber. The output beam side (after the wire) is multimode fiber. 




The profile of the multimode fiber



The rail allows the carriage that carries the top of the wires/devices to move up and down. The carriage also carries the force transducer (strain gauge) that will measure the force in the wires. The rail is a commercial product from Franke GmbH. This is the current biggest concern for assembly. The parallelism requirement is that the rail be aligned to 50 µm/m. With our rails of length ~0.2m, we need 10 µm alignment. I will probably borrow some dial indicators and micrometers from Makerworks to ensure everything is aligned. If that is insufficient, I will probably machine out a step on both ends so that they can be located through that feature. I'm hoping to install the rails and progressively tighten them, so they self-align.



The actuator pushes the carriage up and down. It is mounted on two flexures to allow for small displacements orthogonal to the direction of actuation. This allows machining tolerances and assembly misalignment without breaking the actuator (which is weak in shear).





Top Flexure (Y-axis flexure)



 Bottom Flexure (X-axis flexure)

The wire mount is simple. It has epoxy attached to a piezo. The piezo is attached to a clamp, which is closed with screws.

I made all of the previously mentioned changes to the flexures and back plate. All of those components can now be assembled. 



To machine the flexure, additional jigs had to be designed and printed to prevent excessive bending and resonance during machining. One jig was required to add the bolt holes in the bottom and the tapped hole in the clamp. A second jig was required to pocket the inside of the clamp. I have successfully clamped the actuator with the newly machined clamp.

All of the elements required for force transduction through the stage are now designed and ordered, machining will start later this week. 



Optical Elements:



The left mount is 5-axis Polaris mount with a collimator with a focal length of 5mm. The right mount just has tip-tilt control and the same collimator. The collimated beam should have a diameter of 800 um. Due to different heights of the optical axes of the two mounts, the right post is .25" taller using a post spacer.

Flexures:






There are two flexures, one at the top of the device, and one mounting the actuator to the base. The combination means that the actuator is free to move in directions perpendicular to the forcing axis. This prevents off-axis forces from damaging the actuator. The bottom flexure mounts to the actuator with a shaft-collar like structure, and the top is attached with a set screw. If we want to make this actuator withstand significantly higher forces, we must replace the flexures with thicker ones. However, I don't see a scenario where that is necessary. These flexures primarily serve to accommodate misalignment and machining tolerances. Later replacing them with more rigid flexures would require tighter tolerances. 

Machining:

Many of the components are designed to be waterjetted out of a single piece of stainless steel. Most of the pieces will require some amount of post-processing (mainly for holes for mounting the parts to each other). There are many tapped holes. Because some of the holes are blind holes, I have decided to use form taps. Form taps deform the threads instead of cutting them. In blind holes, cutting taps can sometimes leave chips at the bottom that are difficult to evacuate. In a vacuum system, these chips would be a lot of surface area that would constantly off-gas. There are taps with flutes that pull chips up, but they have a weaker core and break more easily. As the entirety of the stage is made of stainless steel, it is harder to machine, and it risks breaking the weaker tap more readily.

To machine this all and keep it UHV-compatible, I will use Blasocut UHV oil for all machining. It's relatively safe and is miscible in water. I tested machining with it earlier this week on some of Dong's Invar parts (which machines similarly to stainless steel). I was able to cut the slot that Dong needed without excessive heat and work hardening. Invar can lose its low CTE properties if it gets too hot during machining. If Dong has problems, I can anneal the Invar to bring it back to normal.
